Rules
You can use the Reddit Data API, subject to our Developer Terms and Data API Terms. 
To request commercial access, research approval, or to reach out to the team, please contact us here. Please excuse delays due to a high volume of requests.
Clients must authenticate with a registered OAuth token. We can and will freely throttle or block unidentified Data API users. 
You must use a User-Agent where possible. Change your client's User-Agent string to something unique and descriptive, including the target platform, a unique application identifier, a version string, and your username as contact information, in the following format:
<platform>:<app ID>:<version string> (by /u/<reddit username>)
Example:
User-Agent: android:com.example.myredditapp:v1.2.3 (by /u/kemitche)
Many default User-Agents (like "Python/urllib" or "Java") are drastically limited to encourage unique and descriptive user-agent strings.
Including the version number and updating it as you build your application allows us to safely block old buggy/broken versions of your app.
NEVER lie about your User-Agent. 
Our robots.txt is for search engines, not Data API users. 
You must remove any user content in your possession that has been deleted from Reddit. 
When posts and comments are deleted, you must delete all content related to the post and/or comment (e.g., title, body, embedded URLs, etc.).
When a user account is deleted, you must delete all related user ID info (e.g., t2_*). You must also delete all references to the author-identifying information (i.e., the author ID, name, profile URL, avatar image URL, user flair, etc.) from posts and comments created by that account. 
To best comply with this policy, we strongly recommend routinely deleting any stored user data and content within 48 hours.
Note that retention of content and data that has been deleted–-even if disassociated, de-identified or anonymized–-is a violation of our terms and policies.

Rate Limits
Monitor the following response headers to ensure that you're not exceeding the limits:

X-Ratelimit-Used: Approximate number of requests used in this period
X-Ratelimit-Remaining: Approximate number of requests left to use
X-Ratelimit-Reset: Approximate number of seconds to end of period
We enforce rate limits for those eligible for free access usage of our Data API. The limit is:   

100 queries per minute (QPM) per OAuth client id
QPM limits will be an average over a time window (currently 10 minutes) to support bursting requests.

Free access usage also includes the following rate limits for chat messages:

2,000 messages per day per recipient
3,000 messages per day total
Bot API users can join up to 300 chat rooms per day.

Traffic not using OAuth or login credentials will be blocked, and the default rate limit will not apply.

Important note: Historically, our rate limit response headers indicated counts by client id/user id combination. These headers will update to reflect this new policy based on client id only.


